README.md, before:

# C++20 Masterclass by Daniel Gakwaya

Welcome to my repository documenting my journey through **Daniel Gakwaya's "The C++20 Masterclass: From Fundamentals to Advanced"**. This course offers an in-depth exploration of modern C++ features, ranging from foundational concepts to advanced topics.

## 📚 Course Overview

- **Instructor**: Daniel Gakwaya
- **Platform**: [Udemy – The C++20 Masterclass: From Fundamentals to Advanced](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-modern-cpp-20-masterclass/)
- **Duration**: Approximately 115 hours
- **Focus**: Modern C++ standards (C++11, C++14, C++17, C++20)

## ✅ Progress

As of now, I've completed up to **Section 21: Enums and Type Aliases**. Below is a brief overview of the sections covered:

### Section 1: Welcome

### Section 2-3-4-5-6: Environment Setup for Windows-Linux-Mac

### Section 7: Diving In

### Section 8: Variables and Data Types

### Section 9: Operations on Data

### Section 10: Literals and Constants

### Section 11: Data Conversions: Overflow & Underflow

### Section 12: Bitwise Operators

### Section 13: Variable Lifetime and Scope

### Section 14: Control Flow

### Section 15: Loops

### Section 16: Arrays

### Section 17: Pointers

### Section 18: References

### Section 19: Character Manipulation and Strings

### Section 20: Functions

## 🛠️ Tools & Setup

- **Compiler**: GCC 13.2.0
- **IDE**: Visual Studio Code
- **Build System**: CMake
- **Debugger**: GDB

## 📁 Repository Contents

- `section??/`: Example code files for each section content
- `templates/`: Empty main.cpp file with .vscode settings
- `cppTimeline.ods`: Course timeline to follow
- `GakwayaProgress.ods` : Simple study plan to complete the course

## 🔗 Additional Resources

- [Course Website](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-modern-cpp-20-masterclass/)
- [Daniel Gakwaya's GitHub](https://github.com/rutura)

Feel free to explore the repository and follow along with the course. Contributions, suggestions, and discussions are welcome!

This README is prepared using ChatGPT!

Commit message:

Section 22:Arguments to main is completed

README.md, after:

# C++20 Masterclass by Daniel Gakwaya

Welcome to my repository documenting my journey through **Daniel Gakwaya's "The C++20 Masterclass: From Fundamentals to Advanced"**. This course offers an in-depth exploration of modern C++ features, ranging from foundational concepts to advanced topics.

## 📚 Course Overview

- **Instructor**: Daniel Gakwaya
- **Platform**: [Udemy – The C++20 Masterclass: From Fundamentals to Advanced](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-modern-cpp-20-masterclass/)
- **Duration**: Approximately 115 hours
- **Focus**: Modern C++ standards (C++11, C++14, C++17, C++20)

## ✅ Progress

As of now, I've completed up to **Section 23: Getting Things out of Functions**. Below is a brief overview of the sections covered:

### Section 1: Welcome

### Section 2-3-4-5-6: Environment Setup for Windows-Linux-Mac

### Section 7: Diving In

### Section 8: Variables and Data Types

### Section 9: Operations on Data

### Section 10: Literals and Constants

### Section 11: Data Conversions: Overflow & Underflow

### Section 12: Bitwise Operators

### Section 13: Variable Lifetime and Scope

### Section 14: Control Flow

### Section 15: Loops

### Section 16: Arrays

### Section 17: Pointers

### Section 18: References

### Section 19: Character Manipulation and Strings

### Section 20: Functions

### Section 21: Enums and Type Aliases

### Section 22: Arguments to main

## 🛠️ Tools & Setup

- **Compiler**: GCC 13.2.0
- **IDE**: Visual Studio Code
- **Build System**: CMake
- **Debugger**: GDB

## 📁 Repository Contents

- `section??/`: Example code files for each section content
- `templates/`: Empty main.cpp file with .vscode settings
- `cppTimeline.ods`: Course timeline to follow
- `GakwayaProgress.ods` : Simple study plan to complete the course

## 🔗 Additional Resources

- [Course Website](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-modern-cpp-20-masterclass/)
- [Daniel Gakwaya's GitHub](https://github.com/rutura)

Feel free to explore the repository and follow along with the course. Contributions, suggestions, and discussions are welcome!

This README is prepared using ChatGPT!
